Contributing Guide (#206)
grafana/grafonnet-lib: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Grafonnet! We welcome all people
who want to contribute in a healthy and constructive manner within our
community. Grafonnet is developed within the Grafana community. Therefore we
are following the same [Code of Conduct as
Grafana](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). To
help us create a safe and positive community experience for all, we require all
participants to adhere to it.

## Plugin Scope

> **Grafonnet only aims to support official plugins.**

Reviewer: No, it only supports features of core Grafana. Even official plugins will need their own library.

Author: Changed to "core features and plugins"

> We've drawn this line to ensure that the code base stays focused and manageable
> over time. We do, however, encourage development and use of community Grafonnet
> plugins. See the [Community
> Plugins](https://grafana.github.io/grafonnet-lib/community-plugins/) page for
> more info on this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While Grafonnet itself only supports core Grafana features, we strongly encourage development and use of community Grafonnet plugins. See the [Community Plugins](https://grafana.github.io/grafonnet-lib/community-plugins/) page for more info on this.
```

Author: Committed this change, but changed "Grafonnet plugins" to "Grafonnet extensions".
